Update lock hierarchy devdocs (#58884)
JuliaLang/julia: doc/src/devdocs/locks.md

The following strategies are used to ensure that the code is dead-lock free (generally by addressing
the 4th Coffman condition: circular wait).

1. structure code such that only one lock will need to be acquired at a time
2. always acquire shared locks in the same order, as given by the table below
3. avoid constructs that expect to need unrestricted recursion

## Types of locks

`uv_mutex_t` (or `std::mutex`) is a wrapper around platform-specific locks

> (`pthread_mutex_t` on Unix, `CRITICAL_SECTION` on Windows).  It may cause the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(`pthread_mutex_t` on Unix, `SRWLock` on Windows).  It may cause the
```
I don't think it has been a CRITICAL_SECTION in several years as they are much much slower

Reviewer: https://github.com/libuv/libuv/blob/master/include/uv/win.h. I guess that is right. We may want to change that upstream

>     > there are safepoints when doing allocation, enabling / disabling GC, entering / restoring exception
>     > frames, and taking / releasing locks.
>   * shared_map
>   * finalizers
>   * pagealloc
>   * gc_perm_lock
>   * flisp
>   * jl_in_stackwalk (Win32)
>   * ResourcePool<?>::mutex
>   * RLST_mutex
>   * llvm_printing_mutex
>   * jl_locked_stream::mutex
>   * debuginfo_asyncsafe
>   * inference_timing_mutex
>   * ExecutionEngine::SessionLock
>
>     > flisp itself is already threadsafe, this lock only protects the `jl_ast_context_list_t` pool
>     > likewise, the ResourcePool<?>::mutexes just protect the associated resource pool

The following is a leaf lock (level 2), and only acquires level 1 locks (safepoint) internally:

>   * global_roots_lock
>   * Module->lock
>   * JLDebuginfoPlugin::PluginMutex
>   * newly_inferred_mutex

The following is a level 3 lock, which can only acquire level 1 or level 2 locks internally:

>   * Method->writelock
>   * typecache

The following is a level 4 lock, which can only recurse to acquire level 1, 2, or 3 locks:

>   * MethodTable->writelock

> No Julia code may be called while holding a lock above this point.

Reviewer: Preserve this comment?

Author: I originally removed it because I interpreted it as "it is safe to call Julia code while holding a lock above level 4", but "it is never safe to call Julia code while holding a level 4 (or lower) lock" makes more sense. Later I'd like to add a little section about what dynamic properties must be true about your Julia code in order to safely hold certain locks, kind of like what we do in `invalidation.jl`.

printing warning messages or debug information) while holding any other lock listed above
may result in pernicious and hard-to-find deadlocks. BE VERY CAREFUL!

>   * iolock
>   * Individual ThreadSynchronizers locks
>
>     > this may continue to be held after releasing the iolock, or acquired without it,
>     > but be very careful to never attempt to acquire the iolock while holding it
>
>   * Libdl.LazyLibrary lock

The following is a level 7 lock, which can only be acquired when not holding any other locks:

>   * world_counter_lock

The following is the root lock, meaning no other lock shall be held when trying to acquire it:

>   * toplevel
>
>     > this should be held while attempting a top-level action (such as making a new type or defining
>     > a new method): trying to obtain this lock inside a staged function will cause a deadlock condition!
>     >
>     >
>     > additionally, it's unclear if *any* code can safely run in parallel with an arbitrary toplevel
>     > expression, so it may require all threads to get to a safepoint first

## Broken Locks

The following locks are broken:

  * toplevel

    > doesn't exist right now
    >

>     > fix: create it

Reviewer: This also may deserve a call out still, since this synchronization for staticdata.c does exist now, but is quite unusual: there is a call to a function called `jl_safepoint_suspend_all_threads`, which causes all other threads to block at their next safepoint/safe-region until that lock is released. It therefore sits at about level 2 of the hierarchy, in that no lock is permitted to be acquired inside, unless that lock disallows having safepoints (which is level 1).
